what  is it it's the conclusion you arrive at that there
is  nothing to be believed
it's  a critique of belief
concludes  not just with the rejection of one belief or any particular set of
but  of all beliefs
critique  even of the can say the psychology of believing in
very  typically someone might be raised in the catholic church there taught believe
believe  believe their tough that faith and believing are really important virtuous things
and  then as they get older they may be engaged in a critique of what it is they believe
it  not one conclusion you could come to would be to reject catholicism and embrace
protestantism  of elodie you know where they lose their faith in this particular
church  this particular doctrine or creed but they adopt another church and other doctrines and other great
however  even if you're talking about some one who rejects the belief in
jesus  the belief in god particular principles is quite a separate
question  of having a critique of belief as such will you come you come to the
conclusion  it's not just having faith in these particular things that was erroneous
for  wrong i have now come to appreciate that faith itself is bad feisel
is  a problem faith itself is to be rejected what i used to think of as a
virtue  in believing i now see us as a vice
so  contrasting enthusiasm we have to emphasize again
alone  does not reject come
if  he is alone does not reject for example the belief that you could meet and speak to the ghost
of  the deceased grandfather atheism alone does not reject transliteration reincarnation
or  jug science claims to health and diet such as the wonder percent meat diet so atheism is
a  very specific and narrow rejection of one type of belief its easiest to imagine
with  a fourierite far away culture like saudi arabia that living in a state of rebellion
against  the ideological underpinnings of our society living in a state where you refuse to believe in the justifications
for  society not just religious but under pinning the economic systems on sport
the  that could be really positive liberating motivating thing in your life or you feel driven
to  do something better than play out the role you were born into
your  cooperated to rise above the conventions of the
society  are to move beyond the constraints of the beliefs
that  defined the culture that to you is most familiar is the amaboona
constraint  of any culture or every culture
proposing  the definition of historical miles
this  is really a perfect form of perfect symmetry with chinese communism
with  the chinese companies britches today as it
i  cried is that you must believe in his
that  you must believe in historical inevitability that you must believe that the
mistakes  that were made in the past were all for the best
because  the part of this logical necessary inevitable progress of
history  that they are teaching people to memories of passing through stages of development
something  like you know evolution so the fact that tens of millions of people
starved  to death because of an air or
you  know that somehow too terrible for us to accept emotionally so that instead
we  construe this new religion but we want to believe that wasn't just an error that was
it  is the mistake was for the greater good and at the good things we have now or some or product
so  something white people might be able to relate to mary
you  know what if you had one group of people in your society who said look the whole
experience  of slavery of enslaving specifically enslaving black africans and bring them
to  the new world was just a narrow this is just a mistake he tell us is just terrible and every one better
off  to day if we hadn't done it you know people and above er as always people in the united states in
europe  and so
was  just wrong man oather or of people were saying no no no you can't believe that you can't accept that you must
believe  you must believe that this was for the greater good that this was the right thing to do at the time
because  it moses so this type of rationalization is not just chinese communists to do it
all  chinese comment
example  well the series of negations that i'm
interested  in that you don't matter to me personally and that i
reached  others they have to do with in this sense rejecting what people think
is  meaningful entry what people believe in a history
i'm  saying no
it's  precisely not believing and those things that matters is precisely having detachment about
these  things and
you  know this is
the  simplest way to describe it
they  look atheism is just taking one step atheism is
just  rejecting a belief in god
would  diabasis interest in his taking a much greater second step it's not just god
it
one  part of what i'm doing in this
providing  a
but  i also
how  when you are
you  can
you  can do
very  like
if  you dare to use the word
our  own friends your own family your own co workers
even  if you inhabit the most bohemian demon image
confronted  with
oh  how can you use the
all  the very meaning of nihilism
that  nothing exists nothing existed all that's what you believe and i know
because  i know from the work
and  of course these are people who
fire  having the conversation with
he  never read a book
i
never  even looked
their
example
history  of
rushing
let  alone
here  you see
not  the way i
not  the way
not  the
can't  get
communism  really
what's  wrong
drive
can't  get a sense
of  the meaning of
looking  at the war
can't  get
the  modern democrat or republican
america  represent in politics in any particular
debate  or controversy
by  looking at demos as the rod of the word democracy
looking  at the meaning of the word republic
so  on
this  may seem with the shallowest
fact  that it
should
on
evidently
we  done any
never
latest
no  matter how clearly or how
i'm  not
not  trying to come
save
joined  lige
no  matter how many times i tell them
that  in the sense in is not like any other ideology
it's  not like
any  other philosophy i'm not do
our
and  i'm not trying to convince
you  have this
common
letting  you know the way in which we
a  lion in letting you know what it is i can believe
never  will
what  i understand that you'll never understand what i know that you'll never know
not  with the delusion
that  you ever walk in my
not  with the delusion you
that  will go to the
perfectly
the  easiest